Xiao Chen saves Yaoyao
Xiao Chen, you are finally here.
I have been waiting for you for a long time
Lin Shaoya dragon is evil
Imperative death
This is your way to die
Way of death
Xiao Chen
I don't think you understand the situation yet, do you?
Now your wife and daughter are in my hands
How dare you be so arrogant with me?
I'll give you a chance to let go of Yaoyao and Qingxue
Or I'll let you die without a burial
Then I'll give you a chance too.
Hurry up and kneel down and kowtow to Ben Shao for a hundred times
Otherwise my heart will kill
If you dare to move the snow again
Destroy you
Hahahaha
Destroy my Lin family super minister
You are dying and you dare to be stubborn
That being the case
Then I'll let you watch the woman you love being played with
I like your incompetent and furious look
Don't you dare
Wang Cong Yang Hui haha
It's okay to be stubborn, right?
I like to be stubborn
Then some hard dishes for this little nuisance
Qiao Chen, I'll take a look then.
How long are you going to be stubborn?
On the one hand, the woman you love is being insulted
On one side is your daughter being beaten in Chechnya.
Do you still like the gift I gave you?